And now that we have added a toggle bottom or here on the top there's actually few more things that
I would want to do with a nav bar.
First of all I would want to hide these links here by default right so they wouldn't be showing because
right now at the moment we go to the smaller screen or here you can see that once we actually go to
the small screen you can see right away that we have the links or here right.
That would be the first thing.
Right so I would actually want to hide them by default.
Then I would actually want that as we're scrolling down are now bar actually stays in a document right
so it can always click two things.
And then the last thing I would want a smooth scrolling.
Now you can see right away that this video I'm recording actually later.
Right.
Because you can see that I already have a few sections on here.
However it doesn't mean that we're not going to be following in order with the next sections right because
these things we can add any time and I was actually debating whether to include this or not.
Because if it includes javascript and trickery but as you can see that I finally actually decided to
include this so don't worry that you see things that you're going to be actually creating and next videos
because again this is not going to mess up or order or in any way or shape or form.
So the first thing that I would do I would want to hide this by default.
It's actually very simple.
I'm going to go back to my sources over here and you can see that I have a now.
Well over here like this one that has a list.
I have none right.
And you can see why I'm interested in this guy here right because I would want to hear this now.
Logan right.
But these links I wouldn't want.
Right.
These ones I would want to hide so I'm going to say we're here right away by default since we have a
more biol first design.
Right so we're designing for I'm going to say we're here to play and I'm going to say none of this.
Right.
Simple enough.
And now you can see that by default it's not showing.
However the moment I actually have it all here right you can see that it's actually popping up all right.
So this is how I would want the next thing that I would want is actually have it over here right.
You see or hear these phantasm and you can see that right now they are separate links right.
Actually I want them in one separate line.
So the way I'm going to do this I'm going to over here.
This is going to be a hash tag and have then you l l y and I'm going to say last of type.
Right.
Because if you are going to go back all you can see that this class Elyot class is actually the last
line.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be a last of type here last type and all here we're
going to write first we're going to say this play and I'm going to say flex on me like this.
Then we're going to have a justified content and we're going to say let's say space between here like
this and you can see that we have few options right.
We actually at the end we might actually delete this just can't.
And if you don't like it or here we're just going to have a background and we're going to say is the
background is going to be discarded.
And so that's one way how to actually do this and say background.
I'm going to say the same as legs over here so it can be too easy.
And I now have 2 8 2 and that's going to be another.
Well that's right.
So this would be one way how we could actually do this.
Now the issue here is maybe you don't like that as you were hovering right.
You can see that that technically the links are so small.
Right.
So in order to do that I could actually if I would want them to be actually spanning all across I could
actually read or hear a comment.
Right.
And what I'm going to do here I'm going to come in these background colors on like this.
So I'm going to come and this one out.
And actually what I can do is I can have a last of type and I can work with the legs because links are
children or here of this last of Type II.
All right.
So I'm going to say copy and I'm used.
I'm going to use the flex properties and it's the last of type A more here and this but I'm going to
say flex.
Now I'm going to say one more here right.
And I can see that they're growing as much as they have to or here I'm going right and they shouldn't
shrink at all.
All right so they shouldn't be like this.
And here hero can just say.
All right.
So Flex braces is going to be an or here.
Another thing that I would want maybe text a line.
I'm going to say center like this.
No not inherit.
I'm going to say central here.
Right.
And you can see what happens right now as I'm hovering right I actually have the actual link.
All right.
And you can see that actual link is taking up the block right now just a small piece of a lie.
And again if you don't like this kind of you you can obviously go with the just if I counted spade spacing
between back right and again the nice thing is that this is going to be happening by default.
Right.
So it's actually hiding first.
Now the next thing that I would want to do is actually work here with the fact that the actual were
here this not by right I would actually want it to show.
Right.
So has them scrolling now.
I would want this to show actual number and how I would do that.
I mean first of all what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new class right.
I'm going to go here the last class I'm going to say or here new and I'm going to say Now have you.
Now for you and for this class I'm going to say position and I'm going to say fixed fixed door here
then I'm going to say with that I would want a hundred you.
You were all like this.
And then the z index.
I'm going to say 10 right and I got it.
I'm going to show all these things why am I doing them right.
One by one.
Important.
All right here we would need to add important just override it like this.
And then we save it and now I would want to do is I would want to apply this class to the now more as
I'm starting to scroll down.
So not just by default I actually want to scroll a little bit and then add this class to the nav bar.
So the way I would do that I would actually go to the script and I'm going to have to write some rules
here.
And the first thing that I'm going to say is how do I want to select the when no it's I'm going to say
a dollar sign here I'm going to write and we know that I'm going to say scroll.
So this is going to be the scroll method here scroll like this and then I'm going to write a function.
Right.
So something should happen as I'm scrolling and the function you can see in this is going to be a an
animal's function.
And here I'm going to create a variable.
I'm going to call the scroll and I'm going to set it equal to and on here this is going to be again
the other side window here and I'm selecting window and scroll up.
So basically I'm saying what's the position at the point of scrolling right.
See I'm getting a scroll of position in this back.
Now I would want to have a conditional statement.
This is going to say if we're here and I'm going to say scroll and the scroll is bigger or equal to
70 70 pixels basically right.
So in the moment as I'm scrolling down something should happen and the way I'm going to write over here.
All right I'm going to say that again I'm going to select all here this time than have a right to see
or hear him on the second half and I'm going to add the class of new.
Now.
The class that we just created and on here I'm just going to say at class here and I'm going to say
you know you new here on here.
Then the moment I scroll back I actually want to take away that class.
All right.
So if statement and then I will have.
Else we're going to pull some are calling here or here I'm going to say else and we're going to say
that same thing.
Just wanted to remove this class.
So I'm going to copy and paste this like this and I'm going to say removed because not that class or
the class so I'm going to say remove class really this and maybe let's delete this class.
So again I'm going to say this right now we can go back over here and we can just refresh right.
And the moment you can see that as I scroll down to more than 70 or here like this and you can see that
right now my bar right away is actually popping up right.
And not only it's popping out but I can see that as I'm scrolling it actually stays right.
So what we do though.
Right.
So let's go back to Mencius it's like you can see or hear this was our javascript right.
So this basically we just said that we would want to had this class only on condition I was calling.
But let's look at what actually we added in this class right now.
So we said position fixed.
Right.
So this was basically what it said was all here that we would want it in a fixed position.
All right so I'm going here I'm going to come in these ones out we can say this right.
Basically what I'm saying is that as I'm starting to scroll on here I would want to in a fixed position
right so it always does.
Now what do we need to do is we would need to have the width for this exposition to be 100 view with.
That's why we have a with 100 units.
So it's uncommon.
Right let's say this.
And the last thing that I would want to do here why I have the xenix.
All right.
So let's start starting to scroll right.
And you can see that I'm actually going behind that right.
You can see especially this one right.
It totally disappears.
So therefore we're using the z index right.
Basically get then have to actually be on top of the elements right.
Not going on the right.
So you can see on the right now as I'm going I need to go over here that I have this little issue where
let's say if you want one I remember how we got rid of the icons actually in the beginning.
Right.
So let's say if we wouldn't want these icons over here now what we would need to do is since we selected
over here last of type here like this with this tree right now what we would need to do is I'm going
to copy this and we're going to go back over here and Rivara we have a display nonne or here for nav
icons.
We're actually going to override this.
All right so we're going to say we're here we're going to do this and we're going to copy this one right.
So we're going to have a map you high on here.
You know what.
It was the wrong one.
My apologies we need oh here last of type.
These guys what we need.
So I'm going to say on here last of type and that's going to be a display of.
If you don't want the icons.
All right.
So again we had a display name for the Taliban.
Now we have for last of.
So I'm going to say this.
And now we are fresh.
Now I can see that the icons are gone.
So if you don't want the icons right this is the way to go.
Now another thing that I would want to do is actually you can see that as I'm pressing them right.
Actually we can obviously get the links to the certain section right.
And the way we do that would go here for the index and for the ATRA Obviously instead of a having a
dummy link like this right just with the hash tag what we can do is we can obviously have the idea what's
going to be the name of the section.
And honestly again I keep repeating we already created these sections and later videos.
And I said don't worry about them we're going to be going over them and you will see where I'm getting
these ideas.
All right so the basic idea is it doesn't matter what kind of ID you give it for your section when because
later on you can see icons section.
Is going to be a section you can see how we're going to be doing.
All right.
So as we're going to be adding up the IDs right we can actually add these ideas to the ATRA.
Right.
So basically where this link is going to go right so this is going to go to the banner.
This is going to go to skills and this is going to go for.
And for now what you see is if I press to link.
All right.
It actually jumps or your services portfolio right.
It keeps jumping.
Now what I would want to do is actually have a smooth scroll and the way we do that with the jack wiring.
All right so going to check it out.
So this is going to be the end of this on your statement and rule and on here we're going to write that
this is going to be a dollar sign and we are going to say have a and will say click on it so as we're
clicking the links on nav right now we're going to we're going to write a function and again this is
going to be a unanimous function or here I'm just going to write.
Let's say that this is going to be I don't know any kind of any kind of whatever parameter you would
want.
Right.
So I would say oh here I'm going to write a link like this.
And the way I'm going to write it that this is going to be a link and first that I would want is prevent
default.
And so basically I wanted to go to you are all on this.
Once we have a prevent default then or here this is going to be let's say that this is going to be another
variable that I'm creating.
So say I'm going to say Target.
Right.
So this is where I would want to go.
I know here since I'm selecting multiple links and Jake where is returning or hear me a list of them
mine I can select each one by actually using this right here I'm going to say attribute right or here
I'm just going to say if I'm reading this right.
So basically what I'm saying is I'm getting back the actual atra.
So this is going to be this attribute of a tree.
And once we have this well here and the next thing that I'm going to say is this is going to be Dollar
Sign this is going to be a HMO and the body both of them for the amount of money.
And I'm just going to add a animate animate here and we're all going to have a parentheses here we're
going to have an object and I'm really going to have a property of scroll top scroll here top doing
this and then we're going to say we're here like this.
Right.
So for the target this woman is a target and we're going to place or hear this variable same one target
and we're going to say offset or here and then we're going to say top top over here.
Right.
So basically what we're saying is that once we actually press them to have the h the now and the body
should be in the position wherever you're here for the target it is offset So basically where our link
is going to be.
Right.
And here that's where the position of the age the middle and the body should be all here.
And then once we have this actually what we need here is we just need to add the how long this can take.
Right.
And I'm just going right on here slow healing.
That's right.
And again we can have values of milliseconds right the way we were using or here we can just also write
fast and slow.
And since I like my animations to be slowed just so you can actually see what's happening I'm going
to write it with slow right hand was going to say it over here.
And what we need to remember that this could be named anything because this is parameter and the same
or here this variable can also be name whatever you'd want.
All right.
So I'm just going to say this and we're going to go back over here.
We're going to refresh now and see what happens as I click on here now it moved to the manor then as
I click on here we actually move to services then portfolio then back to services and then to home.
Right and try actually looking at it first by adding these things again.
Maybe don't do it right now.
Let's actually follow me with building the next sections.
All right.
But as you do and actually check it out how it works without adding this line of script.
And obviously you can get this in the source files.
Hundreds of videos right that you can actually download this if you don't want to write in yourself.
But over here what's happening is right that we can have this target right.
And this is just a Jake the code for actually small strokes.
And now that we're done with that bar we can move on to here to our banner.